---
title: "The Benefits of Wikipedia"
Date: 2018-04-06T18:09:00-08:00
author: Ethan Hampton
Category: Computers, Real Life, Tech, Uncategorized
Tags: [Contribution, exabytes, Group, high school, life, Online, Open Source, School, Wikipedia]
Slug: benefits-wikipedia
---

This essay was written for my language arts class, but I felt it also
deserved to be on the Internet here as I struggled to find sources while
writing this. I may come back and fix this so it actually is a good
essay and covers all the things I wanted the original essay to cover but
simply ran out of time. With that being said, Wikipedia is a very hard
topic to simply cover all on one essay. I ran out of time to list all
the benefits and disadvantages I consider important.

Wikipedia has many benefits that the public should take full advantage
of. Wikipedia is an encyclopedia that anyone can edit and access, with
over 5 million articles in the English language (Wikipedia Contributors,
“Wikipedia:Statistics”). There are many different, niche topics that
Wikipedia covers that would be very difficult to find anywhere else.
Whether people are looking to work on their writing skills, learn a bit
more about the world or help others do the same, Wikipedia is an amazing
resource.

Some benefits...
----------------

When you edit Wikipedia, you edits are immediately published to the
whole world. There is no delete or undo button, you have to make sure
what you are doing makes sense. Wikipedia Education's “Reasons to use
Wikipedia” page lists the global audience as one of the main benefits of
Wikipedia, “...students appreciate that their work could be viewed by
thousands of people” ("Education/Reasons to use Wikipedia"). Working to
create a global encyclopedia is a big deal and having the ability to
edit at your fingertips is a privilege that should not be taken lightly.

##### Wikipedia isn't your normal editing experience

Creating and editing Wikipedia articles forces people to become better
writers. There are many examples of people coming to Wikipedia with the
intention of fixing or writing an article only to find their changes had
been reverted. When they look at why those changes have been reverted,
they realize they made a huge mistake or misunderstood the intention of
the article. This improves their writing and provides many benefits
outside of Wikipedia. Writing for Wikipedia is like writing an essay
with the teacher coming every 5 minutes to read and work with what has
been written so far. It can be incredibly helpful to have help if you
need it but at the same time, the constant attention requires people to
work a lot harder so they don’t disappoint their “managers”.

When editing Wikipedia, you are forced to interact with other people.
Whether you are copy editing or making significant contributions to
content, there will always be people who disagree with you or simply
believe that what you are doing could be done better. This idea means
often a discussion takes place before any major changes occur to any
article where there is editor conflict. There is no other website that
quite matches Wikipedia in scale of collaboration. Larry Sanger, the
co-founder of Wikipedia stated, “Wikipedia demonstrates particularly
clearly how people can collaborate and talk to one another in a new way
online.” This is not normal collaboration, Wikipedia requires you to be
more adaptive and ready to quickly change when others request it.

When looking at the amount of editing happening across Wikipedia at
once, the amount of work put in becomes very evident. When it comes to
the scale of things, I think I have it pretty well [figured
out](https://www.ethohampton.com/2018/03/there-are-people-on-earth/) but
the [recent
changes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChanges) page of
Wikipedia still amazes me.

##### Also, Wikipedia has the Benefit of Being Unbiased

Wikipedia also is supposed to have unbiased information about all
topics. In fact, listed as one of the “Five Pillars” of Wikipedia is the
idea that “Wikipedia is written from a neutral point of view” (Wikipedia
Contributors, “Wikipedia:Five Pillars”). More specifically the page
states that “All articles must strive for verifiable accuracy, citing
reliable, authoritative sources, especially when the topic is
controversial...” (Wikipedia Contributors, “Wikipedia:Five Pillars”).
This is a really important idea because it means that as long as people
are preventing a page from slowly becoming misinformation, Wikipedia is
a reliable source of information.

##### It also expands your knowledge

Wikipedia does a great job to expanding the knowledge of people
visiting. Because Wikipedia highly recommends to include inter-wiki
links to increase visibility of articles, it is very simple to spend
long hours learning about all sorts of random subjects. People have been
known to spend all night reading all variety of articles on Wikipedia.
For example, when visiting an article on the history of space flight,
there might be a link to the Space Shuttle and the Apollo missions.
After reading those articles, a reader might develop an attraction to
how launch abort systems work and what sort of protocols were used to
communicate when a launch abort was going to happen. Simply searching
Wikipedia for “Launch Abort System” would potentially bring them to an
article that goes in depth about that subject. That cycle could go on
and on until they had read a lot of articles about things they were
curious about, often learning quite a bit in the process.

Wikipedia results and information also show up elsewhere on the web.
This helps the Wikipedia mission because it is giving information for
free to more people. Google is a heavy user of this information,
“displaying information gleaned from Wiki pages directly in search
results without requiring a user to visit Wikipedia” (“Can Wikipedia
Remain The Font of Knowledge?”). Although displaying this information on
other websites does cause Wikipedia to lose potential editors and direct
readers, it also helps increase the visibility of the content.

Why Not?
--------

A common reason stated against Wikipedia is that it is not reliable and
is often biased. This is actually true for some articles and can cause
some major problems. However for articles frequently visited, such as
“United States” and “Earth” among others, there is a very quick reaction
time to revert edits that are not accurate. In relation to bias, a
majority of Wikipedia editors are men, “Wikipedia is inarguably
dominated by men, so most articles tend to be about subjects that appeal
to them,” (Hill). There are however projects looking to change that.
Vandals often edit Wikipedia and they do not help the long term
accuracy, there are many vandals that “spend years slipping in and out
of articles, changing heights, weights, or musical genres,” (Hill) and
often don’t get caught until their edits are hard to find and difficult
to undo.

Another common complaint is the conflict as an editor. Veteran users of
Wikipedia often take very extreme stances on issues. This within itself
is not a problem, but it can be quite difficult with these debates
“...spanning three months. There are sometimes paragraphs and paragraphs
of debate over the wording of individual sentences...” (Hill). This
discourages people from working on Wikipedia and decreases the amount of
help doing things that are actually important. With these disadvantages
though, a lot of Wikipedia is slowly changing. People are learning how
to better include everyone and there is less and less vandalism
happening because they are being blocked.

Conclusion
----------

Wikipedia is a organization and website that the entirety of the human
population can benefit from. It helps to improve a person's knowledge as
well as improve their writing skill. Taking the time even to visit
Wikipedia for a bit can help the project along, but staying to edit and
work with other users is even better. Only making a few good edits per
person can collectively make a huge difference.

### Works Cited {#works-cited style="text-align: center;"}

“Can 15-Year-Old Wikipedia Remain The Planet's Font of All Knowledge?”
*Post* *Magazine*, South China Morning
Post, [https://www.scmp.com/magazines
/post-magazine/arts-entertainment/article/1903400/can-15-year-old-wikipedia-remain-planets](http://www.scmp.com/magazines/post-magazine/arts-entertainment/article/1903400/can-15-year-old-wikipedia-remain-planets)
20 Jan. 2016, .

"Education/Reasons to Use Wikipedia." *Outreach Wiki,* 25 Jan 2018.
<https://outreach.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=Education/Reasons_to_use_Wikipedia&oldid=171299>.
Accessed 14 Feb. 2018.

Hill, Mark. “Wikipedia Is Shockingly Biased: 5 Lessons From An Admin.”
*Cracked*, 11 July 2016,
[http://www.cracked.com/personal-experiences-2344-5-ugly-realities-
wikipedia-i-learned-as-admin.html](http://www.cracked.com/personal-experiences-2344-5-ugly-realities-wikipedia-i-learned-as-admin.html).

Sanger, Larry. “What Wikipedia Is and Why It Matters.” Computer Systems
Laboratory EE380 Colloquium, Stanford University, 16 Jan 2002. Lecture.

Wikipedia contributors. "Wikipedia:Five Pillars." *Wikipedia, The Free
Encyclopedia*. Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia,
[en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=
Wikipedia:Five_pillars&oldid=815197819](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=%20Wikipedia:Five_pillars&oldid=815197819).
Accessed 21 Feb. 2018.

Wikipedia contributors. "Wikipedia:Statistics." Wikipedia, The Free
Encyclopedia. Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia.
[en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Statistics&oldid=825541067](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Statistics&oldid=825541067).
Accessed 28 Feb. 2018.
