---
title: "Respect"
Date: 2017-06-12T11:31:00-08:00
author: Ethan Hampton
Category: High School, Life Lessons, Politics, Real Life, Uncategorized
Slug: respect
---

I think the most important thing in the world is respect. Respect for
yourself, respect for other people, respect for the environment.
Although this may not seem like much, I feel like if we as a population
don't start respecting people then it is going to cause huge problems in
our world. Respect also shows someone you care, I recently just wished
someone I hadn't talked to in a little while a happy birthday and that
showed that I cared. They took it very well and in all it was about a 6
message back and forth conversation, simple but shows that I respect
them.

If you don't respect someone for who they are, you are saying they
should not exist. I believe something very simple. Every single person
has a right to existence. Not only to exist but also the right to be who
they want to be. Absolutely no one can change that.

If you don't feel like respecting everyone is something that you can do,
then you should try. It could be as simple as not saying anything when
someone says something you don't agree with. It could just mean saying
"I respect that" if someone says something that you may not like. There
is a lot of things I do on a daily basis that I do without thinking but
if I put a little though in to them, it could be amazing. Same with this
sort of thing, if you just think before you say things then there are
many chances for you to make the world a better place.

Why I care
----------

Normally I don't write this sort of thing. However with the recent
political climate and some things that happened, I felt like it is
important for me to put this out there. Let me go into a little more
detail about what I mean. At school (1-26-17) I experienced probably the
most hate in my life other than the US Presidential elections of 2016.

For our final in language arts, we had to talk about a social justice
issue and why we think it is important. This was a group activity and we
did this because we had recently read "I am Malala" (A great book by the
way, you can find it
[here](https://smile.amazon.com/Am-Malala-Stood-Education-Taliban/dp/0316322423)).
My group chose to do clean water rights. Partially because it is an
important issue that deserves some attention and also because it isn't
that controversial. The new director of the EPA is [looking to change
that](http://www.ewg.org/planet-trump/2017/01/ewg-investigates-scott-pruitt-s-war-drinking-water)
but we will ignore that for now. However, some groups decided to focus
on issues that are in the spotlight right now. One such issue was
"Gender Inequality" and the other one focused on the false accusation of
rape. This was what happened on the day we presented all of the
presentations.

#### Rape

When the group talking about rape gave their presentation, it was clear
in my mind that they wanted to make people mad. They did not seem to
have done a lot of research. They also did not understand the topic to
it's fullest extent. The class decided to have the option to have a Q
and A at the end of each presentation. For issues of "Why war is bad"
there was not a huge discussion. War is not a very controversial topic.

But after the rape presentation, there were several people who attacked
the people that presented. Most of the questions were just attacks, but
one person asked if they realized what it took to take a rape case to
court. One person in the group replied, "Anyone can come with smeared
makeup and be crying..." (Please note that is not an actual quote, that
is the best I can remember). The person who asked the question
immediately shot back at them that in fact, no that is not what happens
(A good article can be found
[here](http://criminal-law.freeadvice.com/criminal-law/violent_crimes/rape-accusation.htm)).
The teacher also stepped in and said that was not what happens. From
that point, they were kind of stunned at stayed that way until they went
back to their seats.

#### Gender Inequality

The next presentation that caught most peoples eyes was the one about
gender inequality. The presentation was pretty biased that women are on
the losing side of gender inequality. I agree that it is important for
every single person to have an equal opportunity. However, in this
instance, the whole presentation was biased and really didn't have any
content that was new or would change the way we looked at this issue. I
found this very interesting. It seemed like they want to change peoples
thinking without reason to do so.

People don't like to change, so corner them with FACTS
------------------------------------------------------

In my opinion, we should not speak to attack or make people mad but
instead to prove a point. Not only should we speak to prove a point, but
also back it up with claims and evidence that is true. Let me give you
an example. I am going to make a claim, "The Earth is round". Fairly
simple right? Wrong. People still think that the Earth is flat. They
also have many, many theories on why they are right. In order to prove
that they are wrong, it would take a while. To prove my point,
[here](http://metro.co.uk/2016/07/19/here-are-10-proofs-that-the-earth-is-actually-flat-not-round-6016710/)
is an article explaining why the Earth is flat, and
[here](http://www.popsci.com/10-ways-you-can-prove-earth-is-round) is
one that disproves some other theories.

You may think that I am getting off topic and frankly telling you to
ignore my advice by attacking people who have differing views than you
do. However, I think that if you are going to convince someone who has
different views that you are right, you at least need to be respectful
(and also give them an opportunity to talk, but that's a different
issue). Knowing how to argue respectfully is a very important skill,
especially in this world.

### Look from the other side

There are so many ways that someone can ignore another person, you can't
avoid it, however you can try your best to listen. In my short life,
most of my insight and understanding has come from another person.
Sometimes, people really do know what they are talking about and have a
better understanding than you do. Take the time to look at the world
from other people's shoes, it can go a long way.

Why is it so hard to be nice and to be respect?
===============================================

Sometimes, something will happen in my day where it's really difficult
to be nice. If that's someone bumping into me or spilling my drink at a
cafe, it can be really difficult. I don't think that there is a way to
be nice all the time, it's not possible, but you can sure try and maybe
if you are nice 99% of the time, that's better than none.

I walk to school everyday and have been for the past 11 years. In high
school, I have to cross two, 2 lane highways each way. I have found that
the time it takes before a car stops has been steadily going up for the
past couple years. At first, it took a couple cars but it was less than
a 30 second wait if it wasn't to busy. Now, I have gotten to the point
where it can sometimes take over a minute in medium traffic for someone
to stop, then I have to figure out the other lane because often they
stop but the far lane of traffic doesn't so I have to wait for them to
stop which takes even longer. People just aren't being as nice.

It is difficult to tell why this is happening but it is definitely a
regression. Perhaps it could be because of the current political
climate, or perhaps because of the weather, but there is no real reason
for it. I have found an interesting situation occurring that people
don't seem to understand. Being nice has more long term benefits, being
mean has more short term benefits. I'm going to say that again because
it's important.

#### Being nice has more long term benefits, being mean has more short term benefits

I have theory that people who are mean aren't thinking about the long
term, whereas nicer people understand that although they may run in to
problems on the short term, there are much better long term benefits
(and here is someone who agrees with me and has a great article,
<https://ghostblogwriters.com/the-benefits-of-being-nice-all-the-time>).
Â I believe that persons who are generally considered "nice" think in
long term because they know that it will pay off in the end, so we can
generally say that nice people are going to be smarter because they are
capable of looking at the long term.

"Nice people think in long term because they are preparing for the
future in making connections for the rest of their life" Scout
Whitaker(@scoutwhitaker1023) says, "Mean people are mean because they
are worried about what what is going to be good for them now and not in
the long term"

When asked about the general intelligence of persons thinking in the
long term, "If you are thinking in the long term you are more prepared
for any outcome" Sydney Miller(@sidknee7) says. Although she she didn't
think that people who are more long term are necessarily smarter, she
still believes that thinking in the long term has more benefits.
