---
title: "My Love Life 2016"
Date: 2016-12-16T13:32:00-08:00
author: Ethan Hampton
Category: High School, Love, Story, Teen Life
Tags: [2016, data, freshman, Group, high school, Just be you, Just be Yourself, Love, Love Life, My story, Nerd, Never works out, new, Part 2, Prescott, Problems, series, Sophmore, Story, Teen, unexperienced, Winter Formal]
Slug: love-life-2016
---

**I am being brave (or stupid depending on what you thing, probably
stupid. I agree)**. So we begin again, this is the rest of the story as
I know it. This is kind of scary and may have a tendency to hurt people
if it gets out, which is why I have asked the people it effects to
proofread it before it gets out. They all approved it and know what will
be happening to it. To be clear, this is not meant to be a gossip forum
but more of something informative for people like me looking for
something to help them survive high school. I mean, it is my love life
after all! Not exactly exciting.

Make sure and read the previous part
------------------------------------

This story will not make sense if you have not read the last one which
can be found here (<http://www.ethohampton.com/2016/05/17/love-life/>).
Please note that I am really bad at keeping pseudonyms so you will see
them used like twice then never used again. This is actually written
throughout this year so I actually would remember. I plan to do this
till the end of college but we will see what happens, I always try to
stay flexible.

9th Grade: After Winter Formal
------------------------------

After winter formal nothing happened. There were several breakups and
other things but nothing that affected me. I go to a campus in a museum
for kids that are interested in engineering so there is a total of about
100 kids out there, 50 of them are freshman and the other 50 are
upper-class men. It is an amazing opportunity however it also means you
are labeled for the most part as a nerd. I don't mind that much because
truthfully I am one but it can affect other people.

In previous years of the program there has been a pretty even split of
guys and girls but this year there are only like 9 girls in the entire
freshman class that goes out there daily. This causes a problem because
there are only 9 girls for the other 40 something guys to fight over. It
also doesn't help that most of the girls are attractive for a nerd and
are basically clueless to this whole boyfriend girlfriend thing. I
didn't think I would want to date any of them but several events changed
that.

9th Grade: Love at 97,000th sight
---------------------------------

Generally, I don't make my love interest visible to anyone but this time
it went differently. I was part of a robotics team when I was in middle
school and all the members know each other pretty well, we have a group
chat that we use on a somewhat regular basis.

At some point during the beginning of 2016, one of the girls on the team
sent pictures to a girl (in the program I was in at the museum) that I
was interested in. She, in return, sent them to the rest of the team
(including me, yay!) with the caption of "lol" and stuff like that. I
immediately picked up the person that had sent the photos was that girl
and through that got her number, pretty slick if you asked me, I didn't
even have to ask in person. I, being the stuck up person that I was,
began to text her.

Basically daily for at least a week I texted. She seemed to respond well
but we didn't have any deep conversations. This is where things got kind
of awkward because she was clearly interested in another guy (also went
to the museum campus, which will now be referred to as SPMC, Smart
People's Museum Campus). I reduced the days I texted her so much that we
basically cut off all communication altogether. Now I should also
mention here that I also had (without my parent's knowledge, who later
made me remove it) gotten Snapchat and used that to talk to her as well,
I had also been talking with a friend of her who also went to SPMC.

9th grade: Does she like me?
----------------------------

I was babysitting one night and was pretty bored so I decided it would
be a good idea to text her and see what she thought about her
relationship with this guy. Somehow I managed to text her and put myself
in an awkward position yet again. I said that I would tell her something
about me if she told me if how she felt about this guy. For the sake of
completeness I'm going to say what she said to me but it is unimportant
to the story. She said she liked him but didn't know if he liked her, I
offered to check and she politely declined.

She then wanted to know what I was going to tell her. It was now or
never. I texted her back. I had one of her friends in on how I liked
her. She simply replied she knew the whole time. I was like "oh crap
things just got real". Basically, the sum of the conversation is she
said no.

9th grade: Awkward
------------------

Things were awkward after that, luckily because we knew each other
through SPMC and it would have been worse if it was leaked, she decided
not to tell too many people so it never got to the point where either of
us was ever questioned in public. We eventually got closer but I was
much more careful and for the most part made sure that she started any
conversation we had. I still was pretty awkward in real life (and still
am) but no one noticed.

Just so we can keep this about my love life, I'm going to skip the next
few months and basically, all you need to know is I asked her yet again
if she liked me. Not too sure what I was thinking. She shared the
conversation in a private group chat I don't know much about. The only
reason I know about it is because one of the members can't keep a secret
so it was leaked the next day to me. It bothered me for a few minutes
then I realized I must have done okay at covering my tracks afterward
else everyone would know about it.

9th grade: but it's my birthday!
--------------------------------

Skip about 3 weeks and then we get to my birthday...  Quite an event
because not only was it my birthday but also the last day of school. A
group of guys that I was with (me being one of them) decided to dress
up, we looked great. We got a couple of pictures for Instagram. As a
side note, it should be said it seriously gave us more attention from
the ladies:). After school, because we got out early, so we decided to
go to Dairy Queen. Our group later found out her friends and her were
going there as well.

We got there first and got some pictures and just chatted for awhile
about various things. We were about to wrap up when she came up behind
me with an almost eaten vanilla ice cream cone. Somehow she decided it
was funny and pushed it right into my nose. The harm it caused was
minimal other than the fact it got on my backpack (not a huge problem at
all). I got some napkins and continued with my day. It was pretty funny
because some of my friends said something like "Marry him already," and
they had no idea. She apologized both after the fact in real life and
over Snapchat, both times I said it wasn't a big deal (it wasn’t).

9/10th grade: Summer!
---------------------

So now we get into the good part, summer is one of those times where
love is in the air. Especially for high schoolers. Surprisingly, this
year was one of my busiest. I had camps, activities, and retreats for
basically the whole summer. Unfortunately, I didn't have time for about
2/3 of the summer to actively search for girls. To be totally fair, I
was not looking too hard because I knew that I would find someone.

I went to a summer church camp towards the beginning of the summer that
turned out to be significant fun. However, it seems like the point of
summer camp is to find someone who loves you and you love them.
Seriously, half the camp was in love and it was an annoying distraction.
I will definitely be going back next year and hope to involve myself
even more. In addition, I also went to help out with a vacation bible
study towards the end of the summer where I met someone who impacted my
life.

There is a good chance I have seen her before, she goes to a different
church than me but still to one that I have some friend in. Our churches
decided it would be a good idea to partner up for VBS as we would get
more kids. VBS is designed to have younger children be part of the class
and old teens lead small groups. This is exactly what they had us do and
gave me a great opportunity. We are going to call the girl I met, "Sam"
it's Kind of a fitting name. I’m not going to keep this name thing up
for long I can tell... Anyway, I went on the first day and did what I
was supposed to do, it was lots of fun. I also saw Sam and although we
were in different groups we started to talk.

10th grade: talk..talk..talk..fail
----------------------------------

By the 3rd day we were talking fairly often and I think we both sensed
we were into each other. At this point our talking was kind of taking
away from the experience we were giving the kids but I tried to be
careful about what I was doing. There was a picnic out at a park one of
our churches owns at the end of the week. At the end of the picnic, I
was brave enough to ask her for her Instagram and Snapchat. Okay,
truthfully she asked me for mine but we can skim over that. She also
talked to me about how she had messed up at relationships previously. My
sister caused some trouble because I still wasn't allowed to have
Snapchat but it was okay. I had all the info I wanted, I could now
actually talk to her.

After about a week she Snapchated me out of the blue and wanted to start
a snap streak with me. I, of course, said yes. So it started. We started
small chatting and managed to have fairly long conversations. At some
point, I started to drop hints I liked her. She actually responded
fairly well and I proceeded to be overly obvious that I liked her. At
some point I asked a question like "Do you like me?" and she said
something like "I think I do but I'm not totally sure".

I moved along after that and decided I should ask her out. I was kind of
an annoying friend at that point. Eventually saying something to the
point of, "I am going to ask you out soon". She kind of was hesitant but
I ignored the signs and keep going.

10th Grade: The phone call or lack thereof
------------------------------------------

Finally, I got to the point of the actual phone call. Just before that,
she said she had something important to tell me. I waited and it was
about 3 minutes before she sent it to me. Turns out she liked me but
just couldn't see herself going out with me. Now this kind of killed me.
It took me like 10 minutes to fully read and process the text
(Snapchat). I responded back I understood and hoped we still could be
friends. We ended our streak and stopped talking for a little while.

I don't remember the particular event but eventually, we started to talk
again, not for long but at least communicating. She eventually found a
boyfriend who seemed nice and was good for her (at least from what I can
tell). Eventually, I stopped talking to her for a while. I am ignoring
all the school relationship drama because I was not involved in any of
it. For the most part, I had stopped looking for someone to go out with.

10th Grade: The comment
-----------------------

One day I received a comment on the first part of my love story. It was
nice and pleasant. I of course responded and did some research. I had no
idea who had left the comment, and so I invited them to email me for
further correspondence. She did. I had the main goal of figuring out who
she was but also how she found out about my blog. She was pretty
resistant to telling me who she was but wasn't good at keeping a
constant story so I knew something was up.

A lot of it was pretty generic stuff so for all I knew she could be some
Nigerian scammer so I didn’t reveal too much. I was actually pretty
freaked out by it. Eventually, though she gave me the initials of some
people in the story. I knew at that point that she must go to my school
and be in my grade else I would have heard about it. We kept talking
(our email chain was approaching 10 emails at this point) and eventually
I did find out who she was.

She didn’t tell me and I didn’t figure it out for myself, instead, some
friends did. As I mentioned before, I was stuck on who the mystery
person could be. I had some friends over for Thanksgiving and when they
read the emails they knew exactly who it was. Apparently this person has
some significant tells in terms of work choice so they figured it out. I
waited a little while then just put her name in an email and sent it.
They were definitely correct. We talked a little more but the
conversation kind of fizzled out.

At first the timing seemed suspicious to me because winter formal was
coming up pretty fast and she would not have been a bad person to go
with. However, I later found out that she had another event going on at
the same time so that was not the motive. I think it was nice she tried
to reach out to me, we had not really talked for a year or two so it was
nice to kind of talk again. I hope we can continue because she is a cool
person.

10th Grade: Beyond November
---------------------------

“Sam” eventually broke up with her boyfriend because he cheated on her.
I must say I saw it coming, some people have a 6th sense about these
sorts of things. She broke up with him though so that was good, it put
her in a good mood and in early December we started another streak.
Still going and it's a good change of pace for me.

I also started giving relationship advice to one of the persons I
previously liked. She was in kind of a pickle, saying that she liked
someone and then didn’t like them a few days later. I didn’t actually
get the full story (I am sure there was more than just what I heard) but
I guess I was just a listening ear that helped. If you want to help give
advice, I would recommend just listening 90% of the time, talking 10%
and helping them to figure out what they feel is right. Go with your
gut.

At this point some of the fever for Winter Formal had started up and the
freshman were at it again, asking people way earlier than was considered
acceptable to the rest of the school. I didn’t really have someone who I
expected to ask me so I was not too bummed when I did not get asked. To
be truthful, it was actually kind of nice to not have to worry about it.

It really seemed to me that Winter Formal was less of a big deal this
year then it was last year. Most of my “popular” friends had dates and
had a lot of fun. I guess because I didn’t get asked, it affected my
perception of the event.

That really is kind of it, that is the end of my love life for now. I
have a list of people I would not mind being with, however I don't have
an urgent need to get a girlfriend. Right now I am just kind of hovering
in place. Just waiting for someone else to make a move because I don't
think I am getting the signs right now. Thank you so so much for taking
the time to read this! If you made it this far then I know you care. I
am going to leave this year's update off with a message to everyone.
**Be Kind to one another, show respect, and expect the unexpected.**

[![Introverts](https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7187/13913563767_3b6ac4c6b7_b.jpg){.alignnone
.size-large width="869"
height="389"}](https://www.flickr.com/photos/seaternity/albums/72157635471431719)

The next part will be coming out next year at around this time so stay
tuned!
