---
title: "Prescott for President and the meter stick incident"
Date: 2016-10-18T17:20:00-08:00
author: Ethan Hampton
Category: Story, Tech, Teen Life, Uncategorized
Tags: [Air Force One, Meter Stick, North Korea, Prescott, President, Secret Service, Security, Story]
Slug: prescott-president
---

[Your best friend is elected President. Prescott was minding his own
business but the rest of the country had a different
idea]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Boom! Just like that I was the friend of the president. I always seem
to be in the middle of something big. It all started when Prescott
mentioned that he would do so much if he was president. Some sort of
magical wizardry happened that night and because things always work out
perfectly in stories, the next day was election day. Prescott was the
number one vote on the ballot even though he never started a campaign.
He beat out Hillary Clinton, Jimmy Fallon and Kim
Kardashian(?).]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[The first thing that I did once I heard the news was to text Prescott,
the media was in a frenzy about where this Prescott Benner was. It only
took a few minutes before most of the pranksters on the web were calling
themselves Prescott to see if they could get away with it. Prescott, I
learned had not even known that he was elected president and with two
presidents in the family, his parents did not know what to do. I
encouraged them to go get Prescott’s birth certificate and show that to
Kate Brown, the governor of Oregon, who then could contact higher
government officials. They did just that, and you will never guess what
happened next.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[There was a lot going on and I was right in the middle of it all. In
all the confusion, I must have seemed like Prescott’s right hand man
(which I was) and as soon as the media got here I was being strangled
with microphones. I did not hear it at first but a loud noise started to
come from above. I looked up and to my surprise, Marine One was right
above us and was preparing to land on near the church next to Prescott’s
house. Then I also saw a black helicopter coming in a lot lower and
dropping a rope down. About 25 Secret Service agents dove out and within
seconds had secured the perimeter of the Benner’s property and now was
setting up a media box so they could control the media
frenzy.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[A Guy in a black suit came up to me and asked which kid was Prescott, I
pointed to him and he directed several agents to surround him. I was
then escorted along with Prescott to Marine One where several serious
looking Marines stood. We climbed on board and took off almost
immediately, Prescott instantly realized that his parents and sister
were not on board and talked to one of the Secret Service agents. He
talked to his sleeve for several seconds and then responded that they
were in another chopper and were also being
transported.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

 

[It took about 30 minutes to get to Portland Oregon International
Airport where Air Force One was waiting. As I looked down below us I saw
a lot of airplanes waiting on the runway and it took me a while to
realize that because the president was going to take off they had to
shut down the whole airport. The Secret Service moved at lightning speed
preparing us for touchdown and takeoff in Air Force One. They greeted us
aboard and before I knew it we were in the air. The crew manager for the
plane came up to Prescott and asked if he wanted anything to eat,
Prescott of course said no and asked for a tour of the plane, he was
happy to see what the plane had.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[I on the other hand went right up to the mobile oval office so I could
do a quick press release about what was happening. The computer geek for
the white house quickly got on the phone and was able to set up my
account. I quickly logged on and started to type. At that time it was
about 5:30 and I was getting hungry for dinner so I ordered a nice big
burger, It came in 5 minutes and was absolutely delicious. The press
release was ready so I decided to have it be run past the rest of the
white house and then released. I also created all of Prescott’s social
media pages so that we could communicate with the
public.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

 

[At about 8:30 I was getting tired and decided to take a quick nap. When
I woke up we were on the ground and waiting to be transported to the
White House. I also learned that Prescott had gotten his tutorial about
how to be a president and I was slated up next to learn how to help the
president whenever necessary.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

 

[ Several weeks later Prescott was ready to be sworn in. Things were
finally settling down around the White House and I was starting to
become a celebrity along with Prescott for being the youngest people to
lead the nation. It was kind of fun but you had to be on your guard all
the time because if you were not you would be featured in an revolting
article about how you laid down beside a water fountain and took a nap
so no one else could use that water fountain. As Prescott and I were
getting ready for Inauguration I had to help him remember to smile, not
easy to do.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Finally it was Inauguration day and Prescott was quite prepared to take
the oath.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

 

[Prescott has been president for several years now...]{style="font-weight: 400;"}
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Prescott was just relaxing in the rose garden when a messenger came to
him with important information relating to North Korea. “Sir! I have a
very important information about North Korea, I would tell you out here
but it is so important that I have to tell you in a soundproof room,”
Prescott thought about this for several seconds and
said]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“I do appreciate this notification but I think that you can tell me
right now, I know for a fact that the secret service has made this place
one of the permanently safest places on the
earth,”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Okay then sir,” the messenger said, “It has come to the attention of
the NKCF(North Korea Containment Facility) that Kai Depweg is now the
dictator of North Korea and unfortunately we do not know much about him
as he has stayed underneath the radar. Kai was/is a USA citizen and was
brought to North Korea in a private jet somehow smuggled into the
country,”  Prescott was very surprised that someone he knew had just
become one of the nation's worst enemies. According to a report that he
had read as soon as possible, Kai was appointed the dictator of North
Korea after he was seen battling with his meter
stick.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Kai immediately decided that they needed to completely revise North
Korea’s military standpoint and now half of the budget is for outfitting
and training the meter stick ninjas and the other half is for the
nuclear program. Kai was seen as a stable leader and one that could
confidently lead the country until they were intimidated at which he
would hand back the job to the military
leader.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Prescott did not know what to do... He could order that his friend (and
now enemy) would step down but then he would have to handle Kai’s
madness at the White House while the matter got figured out. He also
could convince North Korea that because Kai was dictator it would be
best for them to step down and become a territory of the United States.
Prescott pondered this for several hours and then decided what he wanted
to do.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

Action
------

[He would order a Navy SEAL team to infiltrate North Korea and learn
information about what Kai was planing, at the earliest possible
opportunity they would capture Kai and bring him on to an aircraft
carrier for questioning and then he would be put on the Lockheed
SR-71(Blackbird) on the way home so that Prescott could question Kai
himself. Prescott was then advised by several top military advisers
about how they could go about this.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[They decided that it would make sense to have them(the Navy SEALS)
launched into space and wait several weeks for the launch to get out of
the media, meanwhile a aircraft carrier would move into position. As
soon as it was all ready, the SEALS would fall on to North Korea acting
as aliens and then go right to Kai, capture him and move him to a
waiting helicopter and eventually bring him back to the
USA.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

Now Prescott wasn't so sure that this was a good idea but they decided
to go for it anyway. The launch was quickly put under way and the best
of the best were fully prepared to take Kai hostage. The rocket was
launched amid slight suspicion from the press but everything went
smoothly.

About one and a half weeks later, the capsule was finally deorbited and
started the descent towards North Korea. It landed about 5 miles from
Kai's mansion and was quickly discovered by a grounds keeper. Prescott
was moved to the situation room and had full knowledge of the situation
due to several discreet outside cameras. When the groundskeeper came
back with a platoon of the meter stick army, Prescott gave the go ahead
and the 7 part SEAL team leapt out and began to systematically destroy
them. Orders had been given to not kill if possible and luckily the
Ninjas had not received much training so it was fairly simple to knock
them out.

The SEAL team moved quickly up the steps to the mansion where Kai stood.
He had a meter stick in his hand and was dressed in full body armor. The
SEAL team quickly captured him and brought him to the waiting plane that
had just landed. Prescott was very impressed, his team was able to get
Kai back to the USA in less than 3 hours and to the presidential
interrogations room in less than 5 hours.

After that news went public, North Korea was quickly absorbed into South
Korea and Kai was brought in as a contractor for the US Hand to Hand
combat selection of the US Army. Prescott was in Oregon giving an
address about all this when all of the sudden 3 armed gunman started
towards the stage. Before he knew what was happening he was tackled by
the secret service and lugged off the stage.

The secret service hauled Prescott towards Marine One within one minute
and after the pilots had completed a brief preflight check list they
were up and away. On the ground things were a different story. The
agents closest to Prescott had fired at the closest gunman and he was
down. The other 2 were tackled moments later, disarmed and brought to
the ground. As soon as they were at cruising altitude, the President was
informed of the situation and put on his way back to Washington DC. The
Secret Service were very concerned for how the attackers had managed to
do that but they were lucky that no one was injured.

Later that night, Kai made a confession, he had planed the assassination
of Prescott because his highest government officials in North Korea had
threatened to kill him if he didn't. That called for immediate action
from the US government. Prescott ordered North Korea to be invaded and
all government officials to be captured and interviewed, while US
officials made sure that the North Korean territory was properly handed
over to South Korea.

This worked amazingly well and Prescott's approval rating went up to be
one of the highest in the history of the nation. "Another crisis
avoided," Prescott sighed as he walked out of his office.
