---
title: "Unity, your voice and your story"
Date: 2017-02-16T20:51:00-08:00
author: Ethan Hampton
Category: High School, Life Lessons, Real Life, Story, Uncategorized
Tags: [10th grade, 9th grade, cancer, compassion, deep, depression, high school, life, listen, Love, stories, Story, suicide, Teen, unexperienced, Unity]
Slug: unity-your-voice-and-your-story
---

Thank You
---------

To those who spoke at the MHS Unity week voices panel, thank you. Your
words, your stories, the images you gave us, were incredibly potent and
full of emotion. Thank you for trusting in your peers and thank you for
giving us insight in to the most vulnerable part of yourself and your
story.

![MHS
Unity](https://www.ethohampton.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/MHS_unity-150x150.png){.wp-image-405
.size-thumbnail .aligncenter width="150" height="150"}

For those of you who don’t know what is going on, this week at my high
school was Unity Week, a week full of compassion, love, understanding
and unity. On Wednesday, we had a speaker who was born in Palestine. She
talked about how different our lives were from hers and how we can help
improve our selfs and our community. Thursday, today, was the voices
panel. A group of six students and teachers talked about something that
affected them significantly. Some stories were told about losing loved
ones, cancer, depression, body image, suicide, all very deep subjects.
The mission for this week was to prove that, “You mater” and how how we
care as a high school community.

2016 was the first year [McMinnville High
School](http://mhs.msd.k12.or.us/) had ever done a voices panel for
unity week and it turned out very well. There was a lot of positive
feedback from students and staff about how much of a difference it made
in their lives. This year, the whole event was organized much better and
was pulled off without any problems. Both years, the speakers began
behind a curtain to give them privacy then after they were done
speaking, they came out on stage. The students and teachers all had very
emotional and close stories that they shared with their respective
classes in the auditorium. It is worth noting the the sophomore class is
500+ strong.

It was amazing watching the reactions on the faces of the audience as
they listened to the stories. Within the first two minutes, 50% of us
had teared up (not an exaggeration) and the room was almost completely
silent. Even people who normally don’t care, stopped and listened. It
was a powerful moment. They had us use a modified sign language sign for
clapping to show our respect and show that we were listening. That meant
that when each person was done speaking, the room was silent.

Every single person has an amazing story, one that deserves to be
shared. I know many veterans who, when you take the time to sit down and
listen, all have amazing and beautiful stories to tell. It is not just
veterans though, as today proved. Any person, including the ones that
you are close with, all have a story that no one has heard. They just
have to trust you enough to tell you.

Change someone's life with unity
--------------------------------

If a majority of Americans took the time to listen to the stories of two
or three others, the compassion and care alone would be enough to
convince the country to work together to bring the change needed. No
mater how small an act may seem, no mater how short a story may be, they
deserve to see the light. I challenge you to go out, go out and ask, ask
for someones story. Maybe you have to convince them that they can trust
you, maybe it could take a while. But what matters is that you listened.

At the end of the panel, the advisor said that we could give them a real
round of applause. The applause that followed was impressive. It was the
fastest I have ever seen a group of people give a standing ovation. The
whole sophomore class moved as one collective body, all standing at
once. We also had the option to go up and talk to the people that spoke
at the end. For every person, there was a long line of people waiting to
hug them. I personally was in the classes of some and had mutual friends
so I felt obligated to thank them(I would have anyway, they did a great
job).

If we just keep some of what happened today in our minds, we can do
great things. Stories, respect, love, trust and honesty are all what
make humans unique. Make an impact and understand that the world will
take notice. Do the impossible, dream big dreams and be like no other.
