---
title: "Amazing Group Story Part 1"
Date: 2016-11-07T15:44:00-08:00
author: Ethan Hampton
Category: High School, Story, Teen Life
Tags: [Bus, Group, high school, Jon, Love, Nerd, Never works out, new, Problems, Story]
Slug: amazing-group-story-part-1
---

This is part one of a 27 page group story that was written during 9th
grade language arts. This story is one of heroics and love and pain and
sorrow. Without further adieu, **The Amazing Group story!**

**Please note this is unedited directly from the Google Docs. Also
please be aware that this story may not be appropriate for younger
audiences. Look who wrote this story at the bottom, it was definitely a
group effort!**

 

*[Amazing Group Story]{style="font-weight: 400;"}*
==================================================

[“Go die in a hole, Lucca! Keegan and Dylan can join you.” said Joseph.
Joe was really ticked after discovering that Keegan had AIDS which he
had just given to Joe through Noodle soup. Keegan then did a lot of
heroin and other drugs of this type. Most of these drugs were given to
him by the company Jon and Co. Steroids. He obtained them from Jon and
Lucca. He used these steroids to try and get all dem ladies, especially
Emily, but failed, hard. He kept on trying to impress her by eating full
cows and throwing cars at her but she 2, 4, 6, 8, did not appreciate.
But then she was all like, “Oh, if nobody can have me, I can have me.
Wait I think it's the other way around.” She then jumped into The Matrix
and was all like, “Peace out mofos(Keegan and
Dylan)!”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Suddenly, after entering The Matrix, she realised she had actually
entered Halo 8! Dun dun duhhhhh! After looking around her, she realised
she was trapped in Keegan’s heart helmet. Her heart sank as she realised
she may never be able to escape BACK TO THE FUTURE!!! (also Keegan).
After recognising this predicament, she set out to find the true son of
the Fallen King (John Cena). Eventually after hours of searching on
JohnCena.net, she decided to construct a average sized fully functioning
hoverboard.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Approximately six hours later Riley was on his way to check up on
Emily’s disappearance, being the 5-star Wizard Cop, but little did he
know Dylan was sent by Keegan to stop him. Suddenly a wild Darth Vader
appeared before him. Riley then pulled out his lightsaber and cut off
the head of Vader similar to that one scene in
A]{style="font-weight: 400;"}**N**[EW HOPE OF THE PHANTOM MENACE
RETURNS. After the head toppled to the floor the mask exploded,
revealing no other than Flirgendirgen! ”HOLY SHIBOOP!” said Riley. “Am I
on Drugs?” Suddenly Riley heard a quiet Whisper. “ Liiinnncccooolnnn…”
out of nowhere a Lincoln fell out of a tree and crushed Riley under it.
“I’VE MCFALLEN!” Riley exclaimed. Matthew McConaughey was the driver. He
murmured, “Alright Alright Alright…”. Riley’s eyes shot open, the
thought still lingered in his mind as he layed in a car
trunk.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ Meanwhile, Emily was still trapped in “Halo 8.” For the past 4 hours
Emily had been trapped looking at Keegan's face. Keegan kept talking and
talking, apparently over past couple years of Emily destroying Keegan's
dreams he had developed a fetish for oranges. Out of nowhere a blue
portal appeared a few feet from them. A shape appeared out of it, Matt
drove in with a grey Lincoln from the 5th dimension. But this was no
ordinary Matthew, he was wearing some sort of space suit. He also kept
murmuring something about a infinite library. “Oh Snap, It's Orange
Matthew McConaughey from Interstellar!” Said Emily. “Alright Alright
alright.” Lincoln keys in hand, he started stabbing up all the Orphans
for his own sick pleasure. Keegan smiled at his entrance. “Yes Comrade!
My pretty little bag of Vitamin C!”. At that moment Keegan turned around
to see the dead kids and laughed until he passed out. “Of course! He's
feeding off of Orange Matthew's Orange energy. That boy needs some
milk!” Said Emily.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ Suddenly Abraham Lincoln appeared through an orange portal  in yo
Grand dad’s clothes (Lookin Incredible) on the back of a mystical Frow (
Frog and Cow) and warns our Antagonist about the new apocalypse that can
only be caused by a combination of Orange Matthew McConaughey and
Keegan’s life force. He explains that Orange Matthew McConaughey gets a
sniper and performs a 420-Y-Y LATERAL NO-SCOPE and kills Keegan
absorbing his life spirit]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[and having a power level over 9000 to end the
world.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

### [IN OTHER NEWS!!]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Riley looked around him hopeful of an easy escape route but was
saddened to find none. He kicked out the tale light by instinct and
looked out of it. Unfortunately it only took a few more minutes before
the vehicle he was in stopped. The trunk opened for Riley to gaze upon
his captor. Dylan glared at him for a moment before lifting him out of
the trunk and dragging him into an abandoned looking warehouse. Riley
was surrounded by darkness as he was thrown onto a chair. after being
firmly restrained, Dylan crouched in front of
him.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Where is He?!” Dylan yelled at Riley in a voice similar to
Batman.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Wheres Who?” he replied. A light flickered on and Riley caught the
dark gleam of a crowbar.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ My Dad! HE WENT TO THE STORE AND NOW HE'S GONE! WHERE IS
HE?!”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ “I don’t know, maybe we should check there?” Riley replied. Dylan
paused, then said “Cool Cool.” They were interrupted by the sound of a
door being kicked in. Matthew McConaughey stepped into the light before
them.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ “Dad?” Dylan asked innocently.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“No, well kinda. But that's not the point, you need to come with me if
you want to live.” Riley frowned at Matt.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ “ And you need to hold on!” Riley replied as he ripped off his Sith
Wizard Cop uniform to reveal a red suit with a yellow lightning symbol
on it. DUNNANUNNANUNNNA!! After a moment of shock from Matthew  and an
exchange of pride with an epic nod, Dylan broke the silence. “Where are
we going? How are we going to get there?” Dylan asked. “I’ve got an
idea” said Matthew. after a few minutes of setting up they had
configured a line that attached from Riley to the broken Delorean
Matthew had used to get to their location. “We just need to get this
Baby to 88mph!” Said a familiar voice. They all turned to see Joe in a
Doc Brown costume.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Okay,” said Riley. “The plan is for me to pull the Delorean up to a
speed where we can travel to the past in order to tail Dylan’s Dad to
find where he went. And maybe, just maybe that can help us find
Emily.”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Seems legit.” said Tristan.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Woah, how did you get here?” Said Riley.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Oh I found this dude who beat a cat to death with another cat. He then
gave me a book which had a story which said….  Our heroes shuddered when
they heard of this prophecy, and decided the only way to stop this from
happening was to find someone to teach them how to
tr]{style="font-weight: 400;"}**a**[in dragons. His name was Bear
Grylls, and he knew that if they were to defeat the evil Orange Matthew
McConaughey they would have to find the the strongest dragon of them
all, John 117 Cena. There was only one problem: this majestic beast
lives in The Matrix and our heroes can’t figure out how to get there.
Every time they end up back in Halo 8.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ “And I figured out, after reading a little into The Amazing Story,
that this was close enough.”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Oh, cool.” He replied. “So should we set out?” Tristan asked
quizzically. “ Well I was just planning on waiting for a cutscene so we
would have an easy segway to the next part, although there might be some
intermission with Emily’s part of the story,” Riley
replied.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ “ that makes sense, except for we are in a book, there is no
cutscene”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“We will make it work”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Alright Alright Alright…” Matthew said as he slid into their
DM’s.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Matt stood next to the ladder, gazing up at it in
Wonder]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“When will I be able to tell him?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“In time Matt, In time” Keegan replied
mysteriously.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[Matt did not appreciate Keegan’s vagueness but let it pass. His
thoughts where the ideas of legends, his tactics the ones of heros. So
he would be recognized world wide. As a great man had once told
him…]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

 

**---CREDITS---**

**Protagonist Tristan: Tristan Ferry**

**Protagonist Riley: Riley Fleetwood**

**Protagonist Joe/Doc: Joseph Chauvin**

**Protagonist Emily: Emily Cinnamon**

**Protagonist Matthew & MATThew: Matthew Mcconaughey**

**Protagonist Dylan: Dylan Hess**

**Antagonist Keegan: Keegan Elkins**

**Antagonist Abe: Abraham Lincoln R.I.P.**

**Antagonist Matt & MATThew: Matthew Mcconaughey**

**Side-Character Flurgen Durgen: M.C.**

**Side-Character Leo: Patches**

**Side-Character Puff: Puff the Magic Dragon**

**Side-Character Anna: Anna**

**Side-Character Super Brick: Bryce Abeln**

**Side-Character Duke: Duke Brah**

**Side-Character Lucca: Lucca Hamina**

**Mastermind and Primary Author: Jon Carter**

**Assistant and Part-time Editor: Logan Bergmann**

**Assistant and Part-time Editor: Vincent Roush**

**The Transitioner: Transitioner Shwoo**

**Writer:**

**Special Thanks To**

**Riley Fleetwood, Dylan Hess, Daniel McGough, Emily Cinnamon, Zachary
Johnson, Bryce Abeln, Keegan Elkin, Karrisa Terry, Zachary Reinker,
Brenden Marshall, Lucca Hamina, Derek Myers, Meria Lee, Taylor Rockwell,
Ethan Hampton, Clara Morrison, Ella Stidham, and Mrs. Briery for letting
us create an epic story**
