---
title: "Amazing Group Story Part 2"
Date: 2016-11-09T00:00:00-08:00
author: Ethan Hampton
Category: High School, Love, Story, Teen Life
Tags: [Create, Emily, Group, hashtag, high school, Jon, Love, Problems, series, side story, Story, Teen, varrisa]
Slug: amazing-group-story-part-2
---

<div id="main" class="clearfix">

<div class="inner-wrap">

<div id="primary">

<div id="content" class="clearfix">

<article id="post-300" class="post-300 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-high-school category-story category-teen-life tag-bus tag-group tag-high-school tag-jon tag-love tag-nerd tag-never-works-out tag-new tag-problems tag-story">
<div class="entry-content clearfix">

This is part two of four of a 27 page group story that was written
during 9th grade language arts. This story is one of heroics and love
and pain and sorrow. Without further adieu, **The Amazing Group story!**

**Please note this is unedited directly from the Google Docs other than
the pictures Ethan adds. Also please be aware that this story may not be
(take that as "is not") appropriate for younger audiences. Look who
wrote this story at the bottom, it was definitely a group effort!**

</div>

</article>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

 

### SHZWOOWOOWOOOEPICFLASHBACKSHZWOOWOOOWOOO

[“ Matt, your skills with chess have become inspirational, you shall
soon learn to teach the others in your class?” asked Puff the Magic
Dragon as he gazed over the 8 Dimensional Chessboard. “Your skills are
becoming un paralleled? Well?Not counting me at
least?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Thank you sir, you're awesome and humble home has brought much peace
to my mind as I attempt my journey. I mean how will I become the one
true master and find my long lost brother, then avenge my father, then
go home to my mother and sister who may have been tragically murdered in
order to create a interesting plot, then I will maybe have to defend my
home from a stereotypically evil force which I may not exactly
understand why  I have to kill all of them ruining their lives and maybe
their entire infrastructure of the world they come from, but they
probably deserve it.” replied Matt.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Ah? I see? Sounds pretty sick bro? I wonder if the writer will
actually dedicate a fair amount of time to creating that subplot in this
flashback that was only supposed to last like two paragraphs but is now
almost a page? I mean he might as well? At least I won’t be stuck in the
main plot alongside that Keegan kid? His smile creeps me out? That's not
just me right?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“No, it does give me the chills, where exactly are we traveling to
again? I mean I know we are on a small hill perched on the back of a
unbelievably large turtle that possess the ability to go 89 mph. But
where exactly are we going?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ I have no idea? Gfa? Gfa? Gfa?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Ha Ha, Oh Puff, you are always so funny, I kinda wish the writer
would have taken out all of the question marks behind everything you say
but it's growing on me.  Okay I gotts to go, see ya in the next
flashback buddy old pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal
pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal
pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal
pal pal pal pal pal pal pal”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Okay sounds good bro? The dog goes
KAKAHHHH?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

### SHZWOOWOOWOOIMBACKBICHESSHZWOOWOOWOO

[Matt’s mind returned to him as he remembered the current task at
hand.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“... Seriously! The mojave desert is way to dry for a theme park - what
was my secretary thinking! And with bonds in 32 Dimensional board games
on the rise how will we compete?” asked Matt as he stared at him
quizzically.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ “ I don't know boss, I personally think that due to the inflation of
the Democratic Communist Socialist Republic of Individualism and Retro
Idealism United state of Cuba that we should just start killing
Elephants. I mean it's the only way I see us coming out of this
unscaved” Matt wasnt sure what had just come out of his mouth but he
knew it was complicated enough that Keegan would agree with him
anyway.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ You know that's exactly what I was thinking, I mean right? Pssh man I
wish I had you as my secretary, that would be pretty cool
bro”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Nah” Matt responded with a dismissive
tone.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

### [MEANWHILE ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE PLOT LINE!!!!]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Are you ready Kid? Because you're about to see some crazy shit” Joe
said to Riley as he sat behind the wheel revving the
engine.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ I’m ready, where are the others?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Oh they went to circle K”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ why isn't this like a main plot point in the story as we will kinda
stereotypically make a ton of progress by a simple
coincidence?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Yeah I gues-”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

### [MEANWHILE ON THE SUBPLOT OF ONE SIDE OF OUR HERO’S MOST EPIC JOURNEY]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ so when did you find out about the free Spiced Chicken?” asked Dylan
as they strolled towards the Circle K.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ well in the back of the book there was an excellent add page in which
it stated that fried chicken was free at the Nearest Circle K” replied
Tristan.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ DId you read anything else from the book?” asked
Matthew]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Oh yeah, SPOILER ALERT, A blond haired dude who’s name starts with a
D dies, Doc Brown dies, and it turns out Matt has a great heart in which
he will use against Keegan to save His son. Also Super Brick is going to
die.”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ wait Orange Matthew is my dad? Also who’s Super
Brick?”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Yes and we should find out within the next few
sentences.”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Oh Okay cool”replied Dylan.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Hey guys! Its me! Super Brick!” Bryce said to them as he walked across
the street to meet his friends. He was then hit by a bus and
died.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Well, do you guys know who that was?” asked
Matthew.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“No, but he looked like he was happy to see us, well whatever, probably
a hipster.”]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[The three walked into the Circle K and saw a blond dude behind the
counter with a name tag saying Duke.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Hello fine sir, we would like to purchase some of your deluxe and
free chicken please” asked Dylan.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Sure, here you go” said Duke as he handed Dylan the
food.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Thanks Brosephmister” said Matthew as they left. As they walked out
Dylan gazed across the street to see the most MLG of
Mt.Dew’s.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“Dibs!” he yelled as he made a run for it. He sprinted across the
street.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Dylan! Look both ways!” Tristan yelled. Sadly though Dylan wasn't
paying attention as a tractor came hurdling down the road. Dylan stepped
onto the sidewalk at the very last minute barely missing the car. He
picked up the soda unaware of how close he had been to death. Everybody
breathed a sigh of relief.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[ “I got it!” Dylan yelled back as he looked both ways. As he stepped on
to the road he tripped and face planted, breaking his neck, killing
him.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“ Hashtag Varrisa” he whispered as he took his final breath, then with
his negative first breath “I’d ship it... and FULP THE POLICE”.
[![hashtag varrisa in group
story](http://www.ethohampton.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Varrisa.png){.alignnone
.wp-image-316 .size-full width="915"
height="293"}](http://www.ethohampton.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Varrisa.png)]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”
yelled Tristan as he fell onto his knees, flipping off the sky above him
promising to avenge him.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

[“My god… He was so young” Matthew whispered as he broke into
tears.]{style="font-weight: 400;"}

 

**---CREDITS---**

**Protagonist Tristan: Tristan Ferry**

**Protagonist Riley: Riley Fleetwood**

**Protagonist Joe/Doc: Joseph Chauvin**

**Protagonist Emily: Emily Cinnamon**

**Protagonist Matthew & MATThew: Matthew Mcconaughey**

**Protagonist Dylan: Dylan Hess**

**Antagonist Keegan: Keegan Elkins**

**Antagonist Abe: Abraham Lincoln R.I.P.**

**Antagonist Matt & MATThew: Matthew Mcconaughey**

**Side-Character Flurgen Durgen: M.C.**

**Side-Character Leo: Patches**

**Side-Character Puff: Puff the Magic Dragon**

**Side-Character Anna: Anna**

**Side-Character Super Brick: Bryce Abeln**

**Side-Character Duke: Duke Brah**

**Side-Character Lucca: Lucca Hamina**

**Mastermind and Primary Author: Jon Carter**

**Assistant and Part-time Editor: Logan Bergmann**

**Assistant and Part-time Editor: Vincent Roush**

**The Transitioner: Transitioner Shwoo**

**Writer:**

**Special Thanks To**

**Riley Fleetwood, Dylan Hess, Daniel McGough, Emily Cinnamon, Zachary
Johnson, Bryce Abeln, Keegan Elkin, Karrisa Terry, Zachary Reinker,
Brenden Marshall, Lucca Hamina, Derek Myers, Meria Lee, Taylor Rockwell,
Ethan Hampton, Clara Morrison, Ella Stidham, and Mrs. Briery for letting
us create an epic story**
