---
title: "My Love life (or lack thereof) 2015"
Date: 2016-05-17T12:00:00-08:00
author: Ethan Hampton
Category: High School, Love, Teen Life, Uncategorized
Tags: [7th grade, 8th grade, 9th grade, freshman, Group, high school, Love, Nerd, Never works out, Problems, series, Story, Teen, unexperienced]
Slug: love-life
---

[Normally I don't write about my love life but hey everyone is now
actually paying attention I figured I should make a fool of myself and
write about it. I don't know how well this will go but we will see. I am
a self declared nerd and that generally is a pretty good deterrent for
any potential girlfriends, here is my story as of now... There are now
other parts to this, although you have to find them. I don't really want
to make it easy.
]{style="color: #000000;"}

[My Love Story]{style="color: #000000;"}
========================================

### [7th Grade]{style="color: #000000;"}

[So my story starts in middle school as all good stories do, I was in
the 7th grade and I was in math class that had a pretty cute girl (on my
standards) in it and she was sitting next to me for the current seating
chart. I never made anything public of course but every once and a while
I would steal glances in her direction. Nothing much else
happened]{style="color: #000000;"}

### [8th Grade]{style="color: #000000;"}

[In 8th grade things got a little more juicy, yet again I shared math
with the same girl but this time I had a friend to help me out. It took
a little while but eventually I told my friend who was considered
skilled at dealing with girls at that time. It took a short amount of
time for me to tell one of my other close friends and it turned out that
he had her number but she was not a big fan of him so it took a little
bit of work in order to give that number to
me.]{style="color: #000000;"}

[I had a tablet at that time that I used as my primary means of
communication. To make it seem like I had an actual phone, I used the
[TextMe](http://sh.st/PcLml) app in order to make it seem like I had an
actual phone but in hind site that was a bad move. I started to chat
with her, keeping it simple at first and as she didn't particularly like
the guy that I got her phone number of it was kind of hard at first. I
didn't do enough research about how to text a girl and I really had no
prior experience so I made several mistakes that kind of wrecked our
conversations. It didn't  help that she had already had boy friends
previously and may have had one at that time so I was kind of destined
to fail. As a guy without much experience in the field of love, I think
that it is okay to fail as long as you don't do it in a way that has a
lasting effect (such as cheating). Love is one of those things that I
still was learning about as well as how to talk to girls without looking
like an idiot so I now consider 8th grade my test
run.]{style="color: #000000;"}

### [9th Grade (My freshman year)]{style="color: #000000;"}

[I actually am still a freshman so it is still an ongoing story but I
will fill you till where I am right now. I didn't really do to much over
the summer, but I did make one mistake that could have cost me my first
girl friend. The girl that I was obsessed over has a pretty early
birthday, and I was kind of staying low as I had just started high
school. Her birthday kind of just jumped on me and I completely forgot.
I ended up wishing her a happy birthday at least 4 or 5 days after the
fact, not a good thing let me tell you. After that communications
between me and her kind of dwindled other than at homecoming when I got
at least some conversation going. I was basically done with her even
though I had never really started.]{style="color: #000000;"}

[I lost interest quickly though, I had a new target and she was already
targeting me. This was towards the end of 2015 so Winter Formal was
approaching, girls ask boys and so I really didn't have to do anything
but wait. I was going to Washington DC soon and if they didn't make
their move now they would have never had the chance. One of the girls on
a team I was on in middle school was planing to ask me but I was able to
figure it out before she actually got to do it. Then I proceeded to tell
her to wait and for 2 weeks didn't give her an answer until the last day
I could. I was being a jerk.]{style="color: #000000;"}

[I went to winter formal and I was correct in the fact that my previous
crush did have a boyfriend as that is who she brought. The evening went
pretty well until the slow dance started, I was fully prepared to slow
dance. I mean it is pretty easy, just sway back and forth, besides the
rest of the evening had been pretty eventful so it would have been nice
to slow down. Unfortunately one of my dates friends decided that it was
a better idea for her to dance with my date than me. I was kind of
disappointed as I was slightly looking forward to it. There were a total
of 2 slow dances while we were there and I didn't get to dance with my
date on any of them :( that’s life I guess. We went to Sherri's
afterwards and that was the end of that.]{style="color: #000000;"}

[I kept in contact (and still do) with my winter formal date as she is a
very nice person to talk to, but I had just found my newest diamond in
the sky. She was my new secret love and she was in around half of my
classes, what could be better? I quickly learned that she had amounted
some hate from other freshman because of things she does, but secretly
everyone was pretty aware of her presence. I might as well try my
chances...]{style="color: #000000;"}

[END PART 1! My love life 2016 is here, please check it out! I promise
it is longer.
]{style="color: #000000;"}

[<!-- Start of SimpleHitCounter Code -->]{style="color: #000000;"}

[<!-- End of SimpleHitCounter Code -->]{style="color: #000000;"}
